Day six of making Pixel Brawl. New
stages, new enemies, and our first real
combo. Until now, every fight looked the
same. Same arena, same opponent, same
punch. The mechanics worked, but the
world felt empty. Today, we're changing
that. I started with the environments in
Pixelab's map creator. I used three
prompts I wrote with Chat GPT. A rooftop
dojo, desert ruins, and frozen forest.
Each renders at 496x
304, wide enough for a full match while
staying inside Pixel Lab's 400x400
limit. Then I use Claude code to link
each map to its own enemy. I built three
fighters in Pixel Lab's character
creator, the Desert Raider, the Dojo
Master, and the Frost Guard, and
animated them right there. Idle loops,
walk cycles, and a quick punch set for
each. Next, the player needed more
depth. I made two new animations, a
cross punch and a high kick, and told
Claude to chain them after the lead jab
to build our first combo. Now each match
has its own look and its own opponent,
and the player finally fights with flow.
For the first time, Pixel Brawl feels
like a complete round. That's day six.
Let me know what I should add next down
in the comments. And don't forget to
share this with your friends and come
back for day seven.